:memo: mention record update syntax (#1909)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/language/0it_01_basic_datatypes.md

- : int = 17
```

> To construct a new record with different fields without typing in the same fields again we can use record update syntax as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To construct a new record with some field values changed without typing in the unchanged fields we can use record update syntax as shown:
```

> To construct a new record with some field values changed without typing in the unchanged fields we can use record update syntax as shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can use record update syntax to construct a new record. This is useful when you need to change some field values without typing in the unchanged fields, as shown below:
```

Do you think this flows better (and is it still accurate)?
Also, is record update a type of syntax, so perhaps _record update_ syntax?

Reviewer 3: I think saying that we construct a new record first is better because the effect is that there's a new record. When we mention "record update syntax" first, people may think that we are changing the existing value.
